hi everybody this is Miss Barb and I'm
back to sewing again I made another
denim purse I had find this little bitty
jumper at the Goodwill store but right
at home and watched it real good and
everything like that and then I just cut
the top of the jumper off and used it as
a slide pocket inside of the purse just
show you the that it had little velcro
pockets and I'm good for putting my cell
phone in and then making sure that it's
secure on the other side on this side
goes my keys and it has a Velcro closing
and inside us if I can get that show
inside is the top that is the top of the
little jumper it's kind of hard to kitty
get it out there but anyhow this was the
top of the little jumper and this little
slip right here holds my glasses perfect
so I always slide my glasses in there
and then this little pocket opens if you
want to put a quarter in there for
whatever a drink $0.50 a half a dollar a
couple of pennies or or so for grabbing
it quick change and then this has got a
little bitty pocket here but it's really
too small for anything and I put a
little rose applique on here and then of
course that's the material that I used
to line the purse which I got so in a
hurry about showing that that I didn't
show the really pretty lining that I
have in there it's very pretty
okay and then of course this is the back
of the purse
and I just put some appliques on it and
it is a handy little dandy because I had
slipped in my pack of puffs Kleenex
right there of course you could put
anything you want to but nothing
I don't think of value because you're
liable to have something slip out of
these two pockets they don't have velcro
on them and then of course this little
thing is a little velcro that was on the
back of the little jumper but I just
left it on there because I thought it
kind of looked cute and matched the way
I had closed on my purse so um anyway
that well that doesn't look very good
does it
there we go this this is another
goodwill venture and of course I this is
really cute because I'm actually using
this purse I think it's very handy and I
made a big wide strap for this and it is
really comfortable on my shoulder so I
really liked this one and I'm going to
keep this one for myself I gave the
other ones that I made away but this one
I'm going to keep I hope you all enjoyed
my little sewing project the whole thing
cost me let's see the little jumper was
a dollar fifty cuz it was 50% off and I
had leftover material from some drapes
that I had made in the house and it was
just perfect I just cut out everything
let's see cut the flowers are in the
morning there I am I hope you all
enjoyed my purse and this is Miss Barb
and I'll be signing off so you all have
a good day and bye now thanks for
watching